stac-geoparquet metadata updates (#98)
stac-utils/stac-geoparquet: spec/stac-geoparquet-spec.md

| _property columns_ | _varies_             | -        | Each property should use the relevant Parquet type, and be pulled out of the properties object to be a top-level Parquet field                                                                                                                          |

- Must be valid GeoParquet, with proper metadata. Ideally the geometry types are defined and as narrow as possible.

> - Strongly recommend storing items that are mostly homogenous (i.e. have the same field). Parquet is a columnar format; storing items with many different fields will lead to an expanded parquet Schema with lots of empty data. In practice, this means storing a single collection or only collections with very similar item properties in a single stac-geoparquet dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Strongly recommend storing items that are mostly homogeneous (i.e. have the same fields). Parquet is a columnar format; storing items with many different fields will lead to an expanded parquet Schema with lots of empty data. In practice, this means storing a single collection or only collections with very similar item properties in a single stac-geoparquet dataset.
```

| -------------| -----------------------| ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `version`    | string                 | The stac-geoparquet metadata version. Currently just "1.0.0" is allowed |
| `collection` | STAC Collection object | STAC Collection metadata.                                               |

Note that this metadata is distinct from the file metadata required by
[geoparquet].

#### Geoparquet Version

The field `version` stores the version of the stac-geoparquet
specification the data complies with. Readers can use this field to understand what
features and fields are available.

Currently, the only allowed value is the string `"1.0.0"`.

Note: early versions of this specificaiton didn't include a `version` field. Readers
aiming for maximum compatibility may attempt to read files without this key present,
despite it being required from 1.0.0 onwards.

#### STAC Collection Object

To make a stac-geoparquet file a fully self-contained representation, you can
include the Collection JSON document in the Parquet metadata under the

> `stac:collection` key. This should contain a STAC [Collection] o

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`collection` key. This should contain a STAC [Collection].

```
